Update docs pathing (#41)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/tutorials/mint-locally.md

- Have the protocol repo cloned.
- Be running an instance of Ganache on port 9545.

> - Have run truffle compilation for the contracts in `packages/core` or have run `npx lerna run build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have installed dependencies using `yarn` and have run `yarn qbuild` to build the contracts.
```
